**What is happening?**

Advsol CHG0021940 - PROD OCP upgrade to 3.11.374

**When?**

Starting at 0900 on October February 6th and proceeding until February 19th if necessary.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be no impact to running pods that are deployed with high availability in mind. For ongoing development work, there may be the following noticed during the weekend of February 6th and 7th:

* a small disruption to the core API services when the vendor playbook performs an upgrade on that service. Will be a few seconds and stable again once the API service upgrade is complete.

* people re-deploying pods using gluster file or gluster block volumes might have to re-deploy a short time later if it over-laps with a specific portion of the node upgrades for containerized gluster storage.

* web console services will be upgraded, likely requiring users using the web console that weekend to reload their web browser session if they attempt activities during the console upgrade.

* the Hawkular metrics service will be upgraded, which will cause users who use Horizontal Autoscaling to receive a notification of this service being down and thus no auto-scaling changes during that short period.

The rest of the maintenance involving nodes hosting user workloads will be handled in a highly available fashion (drain and upgrade one node at a time). Highly available applications will not be affected, but if anyone still has single pod workloads, then those workloads will be impacted by virtue of how much time it takes for the cluster to bring the pod back up on another node.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No. In most instances the pods will reschedule to a new node. During the APP update process it is possible some applications may experience a brief outage as they are moved to a new node. Please monitor your applications during this process.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests)
