
**What is happening?**

CHG0022904 MCS SILVER - Aporeto Enforcer upgrade

This upgrade should resolve the [issue](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/platform-experience-5bb7c5ab4b5806bc2beb9d15/issues/bcdevops/developer-experience/834) of Aporeto ProcessingUnits being removed from long running pods, causing connections issues.

**When?**

Starting on Tuesday February 16th at 09:00 and running until complete likely by end of day.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Each node will be drained one at a time before the Enforcer is upgraded. Then the node will be uncordoned and pods will again be scheduled on it. Your pods will experience one or two restarts during this.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Keep an eye on your application that it gracefully handles the rolling restart of nodes. This is the same kind of action as an upgrade so should be well known by now.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
