
**What is happening?**

CHG0023332 MCS SILVER - Quarterly Registry Hard Prune

The OpenShift Container Registry can accumulate blobs that are not referenced by the OpenShift Container Platform cluster’s etcd. The basic pruning images procedure, therefore, is unable to operate on them. These are called orphaned blobs. Hard pruning the registry, a separate procedure from basic image pruning, allows cluster administrators to remove orphaned blobs.

**When?**

Starting at Sunday Feb 28th @ 06:00 and finishing before 09:00

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

The integrated image registry will be placed into read-only mode. During the maintenance build will be unable to push images to the registry. New pods will still be able to pull images as needed.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Avoid running builds during the change.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
