**RFC190949 CITZ - MCS PROD - MCS OS Patching to PROD cluster and NFS server**

Starting this coming Saturday morning (March 14th at 9:00am PDT) we will be commencing OS patching maintenance on the entire PROD Openshift cluster. This activity is expected to continue into next week and conclude by end of day Friday March 20th.

During this weekend, we will be patching the master nodes and the OCS (containerized gluster storage) nodes to ensure maximum reduction of possible impact.

Starting the following Monday (March 16th) the infra nodes, the NFS backup server, and the app nodes will be patched through the week.
Some of the app nodes will be following a specific schedule so as to align with existing work being performed by other DXC teams. As such the following app nodes will be evacuated at 3:00pm on each stated day to prep them for Network changes, and then be patched and put back into the cluster the following day.

- March 16th (Monday): ociopf-p-201.dmz, ociopf-p-207.dmz
- March 17th (Tuesday): ociopf-p-202.dmz, ociopf-p-206.dmz
- March 18th (Wednesday): ociopf-p-203.dmz, ociopf-p-204.dmz, ociopf-p-205.dmz

Additional App nodes will be patched each day as well starting next Monday, but time will be alloted to ensuring the above mentioned nodes are cordoned and drained before the end of each stated day to ensure additional required maintenance can be completed.

Milestone updates regarding progress will be posted to #devops-alerts when reached as well as when we have concluded this maintenance.
