**What is happening?**

CHG0024269 CITZ - F5 LB Kamloops Silver/Gold MCS software upgrade - TMM vulnerability CVE-2021-23007

The network team needs to apply a bugfix to the F5 instances currently supporting both the SILVER and GOLD clusters which was released late this past Friday. The recommendation from both vendor and stakeholders is that the patch work needs to take place as soon as reasonably possible to reduce risk of concerns with network stability.

**When?**

Starting at Tuesday March 23rd at 06:00 am PDT running for up to 4 hours.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact to apps is expected. Long lived TCP connections may be terminated during failover. Two failover events are expected during the change.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
