**RFC192815 CITZ - PROD MCS - Exchange RAM in servers to grant infra nodes more RAM**

Starting this Wednesday April 1st after 9:00am PDT we will be preparing and performing a series of three sets of distinct memory swaps between one APP node and one INFRA node per day. This will result in us cordoning off and draining the following three nodes. After nodes are cordoned off, we will post in #devops-alerts the list of involved pods so stakeholders can review and pro-actively perform their own pod removal by deleting the pod and re-deploying it.


Tuesday March 31st (advance prep before start of RFC)
- 10:00am, cordoned off APP nodes ociopf-p-181.dmz and ociopf-p-182.dmz
- before 2:00pm, post in #devops-alerts the pod lists of both ociopf-p-181.dmz and ociopf-p-182.dmz.

Wednesday April 1st (first APP/INFRA RAM swap)

- 9:00am, the APP node ociopf-p-181.dmz will be drained. Will post in #devops-alerts when drain is complete.
- 2:00pm, the INFRA node ociopf-p-170.dmz will be prepared for shutdown. EFK Logging will be online but in a degraded state, to be healed after the work required is done.
- 2:30pm, the prepared APP/INFRA nodes for the day will be powered off so the stakeholders performing the RAM swap can do so. Will cordon off APP node ociopf-p-183.dmz to allow for some organic pod drain.

Thursday April 2nd (second APP/INFRA RAM swap)

- 9:00am, the APP node ociopf-p-182.dmz will be drained. Will post in #devops-alerts when drain is complete. Will also post the pod list in same channel for ociopf-p-183.dmz so interested parties may prepare accordingly.
- 2:00pm, the INFRA node ociopf-p-171.dmz will be prepared for shutdown. EFK Logging will be online but in a degraded state, to be healed after the work required is done.
- 2:30pm, the prepared APP/INFRA nodes for the day will be powered off so the stakeholders performing the RAM swap can do so.

Friday April 3rd (final APP/INFRA RAM swap)

- 9:00am, the APP node ociopf-p-183.dmz will be drained. Will post in #devops-alerts when drain is complete.
- 2:00pm, the INFRA node ociopf-p-180.dmz will be prepared for shutdown. EFK Logging will be online but in a degraded state, to be healed after the work required is done.
- 2:30pm, the prepared APP/INFRA nodes for the day will be powered off so the stakeholders performing the RAM swap can do so.

Will post in #devops-alerts when overall activities for each day are complete. Any issues due to this work should be reported to #devops-operations channel.
