
**What is happening?**

RFC 193520 - CITZ MCS PROD - Drain OICOPF-P-208.dmz due to partial multipath failure

We experienced a partial failure of the multipath last night. To prevent further unscheduled outages, we need to cordon and drain this node asap.

**When?**

Tuesday April 21st at 1200 A list of affected workspaces and pods follows. Further updates will be posted to the #devops-alerts channel.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

At noon we'll issue a oc adm drain on the node. This will delete any pods on those hosts. Your ReplicationControllers will then take over and create new pods to maintain the scale factor you've configured and the scheduler will place them onto new hosts.

If your application is designed to be highly available then losing one pod should be a non-issue. If that pod is the only one supporting your app there may be up to 10 minutes of downtime while it starts up on another node.

To assist teams with performing a more controlled move of their pods we will be unscheduling the affected nodes now. After that time you may delete your pod at your convenience and let it schedule to another node.

**Do I need to do anything?**

If your application is sensitive to pod restarts ( which is considered a bad design ) you should proactively move the pods to other nodes by deleting them and letting them be restarted onto other nodes. 

Otherwise, you should be available for testing of your application as it is drained at 5pm, and after the change as new pods start being scheduled onto the affected nodes.

Long term you must design your application to be resilient to node drains as it is a common part of the platforms maintenance that will happen during business hours.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines.
