
**What is happening?**

RFC 193346 - CITZ - PROD MCS - RITM0059520 - Add RAM to 3 APP nodes

Back on April 1-3 we took some RAM from 3 app nodes and put it into the Infra nodes to improve their stability. We then ordered more RAM for the App nodes to get them back up to spec with the rest of the cluster. We will now be shutting down those three nodes to add the RAM back in.

**When?**

TBD as the RAM hasn't arrived at the datacenter yet, but is expected early next week. This will likely take place Wednesday April 22nd @ 17:00 - 19:00. But may get moved to Thursday if needed. Once a firm date is know it will be posted to #devops-alerts

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

At 5pm we'll issue a `oc adm drain` on the nodes, one node at a time. This will delete any pods on those hosts. Your ReplicationControllers will then take over and create new pods to maintain the scale factor you've configured and the scheduler will place them onto new hosts.

If your application is designed to be highly available then losing one pod should be a non-issue. If that pod is the only one supporting your app there may be **up to 10 minutes of downtime** while it starts up on another node.

To assist teams with performing a more controlled move of their pods we will be unscheduling the affected nodes Monday April 20th @ 10:00. After that time you may delete your pod at your convenience and let it schedule to another node.

**Do I need to do anything?**

If your application is sensitive to pod restarts ( which is considered a bad design ) you should proactively move the pods to other nodes by deleting them and letting them be restarted onto other nodes. This should be done between Monday morning when the nodes are unscheduled and Wednesday evening when they will be drained.

Otherwise, you should be available for testing of your application as it is drained at 5pm, and after the change as new pods start being scheduled onto the affected nodes.

Long term you must design your application to be resilient to node drains as it is a common part of the platforms maintenance that will happen during business hours.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
