
**What is happening?**

RFC 193620 - CITZ MCS PROD - INC0035185 - Drain OICOPF-P-208.dmz due to partial multipath failure

We will be draining an app node previously announced on #devops-alerts channel for the node ociopf-p-208.dmz as a means of ensuring the concerns with its SAN storage redundancy does not degrade further and adversely affect the workloads currently hosted there.

**When?**

This morning (April 24th 2020) starting after 10:00am PDT.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

For applications utilizing best practices and leveraging scaled-up pods for hosting apps/services, there should be no impact due to draining a single node. Applications not yet scaled up however might experience a small impact as single pod workloads are migrated to other nodes during the drain.

Once the node is drained, no further impact will be experienced from this node and additional maintenance and troubleshooting efforts.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No, the node drain process is fairly standard - Openshift will automatically place drained pods onto other working nodes.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app does not work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you do not know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
