
**What is happening?**

RFC 193346 - CITZ - PROD MCS - INC0035082 - Reboot OCIOPF-P-199.DMZ to put node back into service

We will be rebooting an app node that was taken out of service previously to ensure the node is back up in a consistent state. After reboot, the node will remain cordoned off for the sake of future changes where we will be leveraging that node for additional advance changes.

**When?**

This afternoon (April 23rd 2020) starting after 3:00pm PDT. 

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact whatsoever. The node in question was previously evacuated of all pods, and the remaining nodes hosting user workloads will not be touched during this change window.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No - the node being worked on has no running pods residing on it, thus the reboot will not affect running pods or the ability for new pods to be started.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

This does not technically apply here since the change taking place does not have any pods running on it right now, and will remain cordoned off after reboot.

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
