
**What is happening?**

RFC194282 MCS PROD - Switch App nodes to use overlay2fs - 32 Servers

We will be upgrading the app nodes from using device manager for docker storage to overlay2fs. This should be faster and more stable and is recommended by [Red Hat](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.11/scaling_performance/optimizing_storage.html#choosing-a-graph-driver).

We will also be implementing a iSCSI config change that should fix the issues some have been experiencing with the `netapp-block-standard` storage class.

This change has been tested in the LAB cluster.

**When?**

Starting at Tuesday May 19 @ 09:00 and finishing at Friday May 22 @ 16:00

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

We will be draining nodes one at a time, similar to RHEL patching or an OCP upgrade. If you application is sensitive to single pod disruptions you will be impacted.

As changing the docker storage driver will completely empty its image cache, pod startup times may be longer than normal as all the layers of images are pulled down to the node. We will make sure all pods have started after one drain operation before staring the next.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor the health of your apps during the change. Refer to [Post-Outage Application Checklist](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Post-Outage-Application-Health-Checklist) for health check tips.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
