
**What is happening?**

RFC195097 MCS PROD - INC0036698 Add additional SVMs to netapp-block-standard

Working with Red Hat and NetApp we believe we have a solution to the provisioning errors teams were having with the `netapp-block-standard` StorageClass. This change will add additional Storage Virtual Machines with additional IPs to the NetApp ONTAP Select and then tie the Storage Class provisioning to those new SVMs. 3 additional SVMs are being added which should give us room for 1024 block volumes.

**When?**

Tuesday June 9th 09:00-16:00, but most of it should be done in the morning and the rest of the day will be for testing.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact to running apps.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action is required from dev teams. Some volunteers to test would be appreciated though!

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
