
**What is happening?**

RFC194857 MCS PROD - Remove unused egress IPs from INFRA nodes

We will be removing unused egress IP addresses previously assigned to the INFRA nodes so they can be reused for new APP nodes we plan on building very soon.

Editing assignment of egress IP addresses was previously tested in both LAB and PROD environments.

**When?**

Starting afer 5:00pm PDT on Tuesday June 2nd 2020.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

While no impact is expected against the running apps/pods themselves, there might be a brief disruption for existing connections as we apply the configuration changes to each infra node. To mitigate this possible impact, the changes involved will be applied one one INFRA node at a time, and the work involved performed outside of business hours.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor the health of your apps during the change. Refer to [Post-Outage Application Checklist](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Post-Outage-Application-Health-Checklist) for health check tips.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app does not work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you do not know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
