
**What is happening?**

@all INC0036698 MCS - NetApp block provisioning failing due to LUN ID

New PVCs for the storage class `netapp-block-standard` are failing to provision. We are working with NetApp and Red Hat to find a resolution, but don't expect a quick fix will be available.

Due to the way that NetApp numbers its LUNs and how Kubernetes handles them it appears that we've run out of usable LUN ids. This is causing Kubernetes/OpenShift to reject all new PVs created for PVCs in the `netapp-block-standard` storage class.

**When?**

This appears to have started sometime overnight between May 27th and May 28th.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Existing PVCs are unaffected and in no danger. Only the creation of new PVCs is failing.

**Do I need to do anything?**

If you need additional block storage in your project please open a [Request to Change Project Set Quotas](https://github.com/BCDevOps/devops-requests/issues/new?assignees=caggles%2C+ShellyXueHan&labels=quota-update%2C+pending&template=quota_update.md&title=Gluster%20Block%20quota%20for%20%3Cproject%3E) to have some quota granted for the storage class `gluster-block` to use until we can get this restored.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the incident is resolved.**

**Where do I get help if my app depends on NetApp Block storage?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
