**What is happening?**

RFC 195530

CITZ - PROD MCS - Migrate VMs to allow Master VMs to upgrade CPU

**When?**

Starting on Tuesday June 23rd at 5:00pm PDT and is expected to last for approximately two hours or less.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact expected - the master servers will be worked on one at a time to ensure high availablity for web console and core API services at all times.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No additional action is required from any one during or after this change is complete.

Monitor the health of your apps during the change. Refer to [Post-Outage Application Checklist](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Post-Outage-Application-Health-Checklist) for health check tips. Ensure your app is designed in accordance with [Application Resiliency Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Resiliency-Guidelines) and is capable of withstanding brief outages.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).


If you have any question or concerns about this maintenance, please let the Platform Services Team know in the #devops-operations channel in RocketChat or contact Olena Mitovska, Product Owner for Platform Services, directly.

