**What is happening?**

RFC 195153

CITZ - PROD MCS - RITM0063543 - Renew master certificates in PROD cluster

**When?**

Starting on Sunday June 28th at 7:00pm PDT and is expected to last for approximately 60 minutes.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be three specific impacts detailed below. One impact is cluster-wide, the rest are going to be more specific in terms of who is affected.

* API services will experience a small disruption of service (less than an minute) during the initial execution of the renewal of the internal master certificates for the cluster. There is no way to mitigate this impact.
* For those who use the native containerized SSO services, services as provided by KeyCloak will be also disrupted after the master certificates are renewed due to a need to regenerate its service serving certificate which was signed with the old master certificate. Stakeholders involved with SSO will be handling this, and expected impact will be around 15 minutes or less of downtime. The service will be tested afterward to confirm it is working before announcing the completion of this change.
* a list will be also posted here which will consist a space delimited list of `project service secret`. This is a list of affected service serving secrets which we will take care of renewing during our change, but there will be an individual responsibility for owners of these services to restart any associated pods to complete the process of refreshing the use of the new service serving secrets. 

The provided list that will be attached in Rocket Chat after this communication will be regenerated again during the change so as to ensure we have covered off any possible new services with associated secrets needing to be fixed after the initial change - the new list will be attached in Rocket Chat #devops-alerts channel at that time.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Owners of pods associated with any of the projects/services/secrets listed in the attached document will need to restart pods matching these services to ensure full functionality is restored. This can take place any time after official notification of the completion of this change is announced.

Monitor the health of your apps during the change. Refer to [Post-Outage Application Checklist](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Post-Outage-Application-Health-Checklist) for health check tips. Ensure your app is designed in accordance with [Application Resiliency Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Resiliency-Guidelines) and is capable of withstanding brief outages.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).


If you have any question or concerns about this maintenance, please let the Platform Services Team know in the #devops-operations channel in RocketChat or contact Olena Mitovska, Product Owner for Platform Services, directly.

