
**What is happening?**

Further adjustments to LimitRange in each namespace

This is a required tweak to the `LimitRange` previously adjusted for defaul CPU and Memory Requests and Limits where pods do not have specific values already specified.

Feedback revealed that while our new Request values were fine, the new Limits values were too aggressive and thus caused some pods to not properly deploy. This change will revert the Limits of CPU and memory to their original values while keeping the new CPU and memory Requests values.

The new values will be:

```
$ oc get -o yaml LimitRange limits
apiVersion: v1
kind: LimitRange
metadata:
  name: limits
  namespace: steve-test
spec:
  limits:
  - default:
      cpu: 250m
      memory: 1Gi
    defaultRequest:
      cpu: 50m
      memory: 256Mi
    type: Container
```

Additionally the project quotas will be reconciled. But this is expected to be a NOOP as all changes to quotas have been tracked in GitHub.

**When?**

Friday June 12th starting at 9am PDT until the playbook finishes. Expected to take about 2 hours.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be no impact to running applications.

**Do I need to do anything?**

If you are relying on the defaults to set the resources for your pods you may want to start setting them manually, either higher or lower than the defaults depending on your needs. See the [Resource Tuning Recommendations](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Resource-Tuning-Recommendations) for some tips. Aim for being a 5 :star: project!

Also note that builds may be affected by longer than expected build times. You can edit your BuildConfig to set the desired resources for your builds to ensure they have enough CPU to complete without timing out.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
