
**What is happening?**

RFC 196206

PROD MCS - Upgrade Openshift cluster to latest version

**When?**

Starting at 9:00am PDT on Saturday July 25th 2020 for the critical components of the upgrade. Node upgrades involving user pods will continue during business hours starting 9:00am PDT on Monday July 27th 2020. The current change window for this maintenance will end by 4:00pm PDT August 4th 2020, but we expect to be done prior to that date.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be no impact to running pods that are deployed with high availablity in mind. For ongoing development work, there may be the following noticed during the weekend of July 25th/26th:

* a small disruption to the core API services when the vendor playbook performs an upgrade on that service. Will be a few seconds and stable again once the API service upgrade is complete.
* people re-deploying pods using gluster file or gluster block volumes might have to re-deploy a short time later if it over-laps with a specific portion of the node upgrades for containerized gluster storage.
* web console services will be upgraded, likely requiring users using the web console that weekend to reload their web browser session if they attempt actvities during the console upgrade.
* the Hawkular metrics service will be upgraded, which will cause users who use Horizontal Autoscaling to receive a notification of this service being down and thus no auto-scaling changes during that short period.

The rest of the maintenance involving nodes hosting user workloads will be handled in a highly available fashion (drain and upgrade one node at a time). Highly available applications will not be affected, but if anyone still have single pod workloads, then those workloads will be impacted by virtue of how much time it takes for the cluster to bring the pod back up on another node.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No specific action is required by anyone to support this maintenance.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
