
**What is happening?**

MySC CHG0030695

Upgrade Openshift Containerized Storage to latest available version

**When?**

Starting at 9:00am PDT on Saturday August 22nd 2020 and either concluding that same day, or concluding on Sunday August 23rd if necessary.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be no impact to running pods making use of existing `gluster-file` or `gluster-block` storage since the maintenance will be handled in a highly available manner. The upgrade does remove access to provision gluster storage for the scope of the maintenance, but that should not be a problem for users since the default provisioning storage now is NetApp which is not affected or touched by this maintenance.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No. It is prudent to check the health of your app if automation may be starting/stopping pods making use of gluster storage during this change window, since it is theoretically possible for a pod to attempt mounting such storage for the brief time when gluster services on one of the OCS nodes is still in the middle of starting up again (5 minutes or less), and mounting may fail. For that rare case, the affected pod will need to be re-deployed to bring it back up.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
