# RFC181352 - Maintenance (OS Patching) on all Openshift Nodes and NFS Backup Server

This work intends to start at 9:00am PDT on Wednesday August 14th 2019. The following schedule is worked out thus far - activities for next week will be broken down further once we reach that stage.


Tomorrow (Wednesday): OS patching of two out of the four storage nodes (CNS/OCS) plus the NFS Backup server. NFS Backup services will be unavailable for approximately 30 minutes, and during the patching of each OCS node (one at a time to ensure storage availability), gluster volume deletes might not happen if a brick is offline due to the node in question being offline as well.

Thursday: OS patching of remaining two storage nodes (OCS/CNS). Same restrictions apply as previous (gluster volume deletes might delay due to brick being offline).

Friday: Final testing of OS patching automation against a single App node (ociopf-p-181.dmz). Said node will remain cordoned during testing so no disruption of user workloads apart from the initial evacuation will be seen that day.

Next Monday-Friday (August 19th-23rd):
- Automated patching of OS patching for remaining App nodes. Workloads not setup in a redundant fashion will be impacted by evacuations. Depending on overall capacity, we will be patching in groups of either 2 or 3 nodes (each group is still evacuated in a serial fashion).
- Master node patching to take place after App nodes are finished.
- Infra node patching to take place after Master nodes are finished.

We will post on Rocket Chat when the maintenance work is completed and provide updates regarding progress.
