
**What is happening?**

Docker Hub will begin rate limiting image pulls

> On Monday, November 2, 2020 at 9am Pacific Standard Time, Docker will begin enforcing rate limits on container pulls for Anonymous and Free users. Anonymous (unauthenticated) users will be limited to 100 container image pulls every six hours, and Free (authenticated) users will be limited to 200 container image pulls every six hours, when enforcement is fully implemented. Docker Pro and Team subscribers can pull container images from Docker Hub without restriction, as long as the quantities are not excessive or abusive.

<https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/download-rate-limit/>

**When?**

Starting at November 2, 2020 at 9am

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

If your app depends on Docker Hub images and does not have an authenticated user for completing the pulls you may start to experience issues of pods failing to start.

As all users are sharing the same IP addresses and there are a lot of images running on the platform it is very likely that hosts will run into this issue.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Check if your apps use images from Docker Hub. Either tag a copy of them into the internal image registry, or set up a [pull secret](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.11/dev_guide/managing_images.html#allowing-pods-to-reference-images-from-other-secured-registries) with a free account to ensure the images can still be pulled on pod startup.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
