
**What is happening?**

CHG0020161 MCS SILVER - Enable Audit Log and MTU Probing

OpenShift 4 generates audit logs of the hosts and API , however,  aggregated logging is not enabled on the platform by default. This change will adjust the logging configuration to ensure the logs are captured, aggregated and retained in the Silver cluster.

Some parts of the STMS network have smaller MTUs than expected and do not properly support sending back ICMP notifications of failed fragmentation. To work around this most Linux and Windows hosts have MTU Probing enabled. This change will enable MTU Probing on the OpenShift 4 hosts in SILVER.

**When?**

Starting at Wednesday Nov 18 @ 09:00 and running for up to 3 hours.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact to running apps is expected. Kibana may go down as its config changes and may be a bit slow as ElasticSearch resyncs itself.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
