**What is happening?**

CHG0018825 - PROD OCS upgrade to 3.11.5-14 server side only

**When?**

Starting at 0900 on November 14th and proceeding until 1830 if necessary.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be no impact to running pods that are deployed with high availability in mind. For ongoing development work, there may be the following noticed on November 14th:

* people re-deploying pods using gluster file or gluster block volumes might have to re-deploy a short time later if it over-laps with a specific portion of the node upgrades for containerized gluster storage.

No draining of customer pods will be necessary for this operation. It will only have an impact on gluster file systems, not on the now default Netapp.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No. Monitor your applications as normal but this activity is not expected to cause any outages or issues apart from those noted above.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests)
