
**What is happening?**

CHG0018826 - 3.11 PROD OS patching

Update all nodes with OS patches.

**When?**

Starting at 0900 on November 21st until completed through December 4th.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Yes. On the weekend of November 21st and 22nd there are no anticipated impacts to running pods since the initial OS updates will focus on the infrastructure, storage and master nodes. The disruptive part of this change will be done during business hours starting on November 23rd. There will be a reboot of all the nodes in the cluster. Each APP node will be evacuated and rebooted one at a time. Pods will be moved between hosts as they are drained.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action is required. If your app is highly available then no impacts should be noticed.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
