**What is happening?**

MySC CHG0033565 (AdvSol CHG0019920)

Load balancer software upgrades (STMS NET - Load Balancer  Upgrade - Kamloops DMZ Virtuals) involving the Production Openshift 3 cluster //as per Technical Information Bulletin (TIB D-2020-067).

**When?**

Starting at 2:30am PT on Wednesday December 9th 2020 with the intent of the work being completed before the change window ends (5:30am PT).

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be no impact to running pods/services on the Openshift cluster. During maintenance failover may result in application sessions being disconnected and needing to be re-connected, such as via a web browser refresh when consuming services via web browser.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No. Reloading your web browser or application connecting to the Openshift cluster and pods should be all that is required in the event that the load balancer failover disrupts an existing connection. No restart of pods/services on the cluster is required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guid
elines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).