
**What is happening?**

CHG0020627 MCS SILVER - Upgrade to OCP 4.5.20

Upgrade the Kamloops Silver cluster to the latest stable-4.5 release.

**When?**

Starting at Monday December 7th @ 09:00 AM and extending up to Friday December 11th @ 04:00 PM. Though we hope it wont take that long.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There may be brief periods where the API or web console is unavailable as services are failed over.

Application nodes will be drained one at a time as they are upgraded. Your pods will restart onto new nodes as they are evacuated.

Kibana may be briefly unavailable as it is upgraded.

Some nodes will need to be drained and rebooted twice, to patch firmware.

The image streams and templates in the `openshift` namespace will be updated.

**Do I need to do anything?**

While no action is required, since this is the first upgrade in SILVER we would appreciate you monitoring your apps health to ensure things fail over smoothly and alert us in #devops-operation should you have any issues.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
